<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [createParseStream][1]
-   [createStringifyStream][2]
    -   [Parameters][3]
-   [\_parse][4]
    -   [Parameters][5]
-   [parse][6]
    -   [Parameters][7]
-   [stringify][8]
    -   [Parameters][9]

## createParseStream

Create a JSON.parse that uses a stream interface. The underlying
implementation is handled by JSONStream. This is merely a thin wrapper for
convenience that handles the reconstruction/accumulation of each
individually parsed field.

The advantage of this approach is that by also using a streams interface,
any JSON parsing or stringification of large objects won't block the CPU.

Returns **[Stream][10]** 

## createStringifyStream

create a JSON.stringify readable stream.

### Parameters

-   `opts` **[Object][11]** an options object
    -   `opts.body` **[Object][11]** the JS object to JSON.stringify

Returns **[Stream][10]** 

## \_parse

stream based JSON.parse. async function signature to abstract over streams.

### Parameters

-   `opts` **[Object][11]** options to pass to parse stream
    -   `opts.body` **[String][12]** string to parse
-   `callback` **[Function][13]** a callback function

Returns **[Object][11]** the parsed JSON object

## parse

stream based JSON.parse. async function signature to abstract over streams.
variadic arguments to support both promise and callback based usage.

### Parameters

-   `opts` **[Object][11]** options to pass to parse stream
    -   `opts.body` **[String][12]** string to parse
-   `callback` **[Function][13]?** a callback function. if empty, returns a
    promise.

Returns **[Object][11]** the parsed JSON object

## stringify

stream based JSON.stringify. async function signature to abstract over
streams. variadic arguments to support both promise and callback based usage.

### Parameters

-   `opts` **[Object][11]** options to pass to stringify stream
-   `callback` **[Function][13]?** a callback function. if empty, returns a
    promise.

Returns **[Object][11]** the parsed JSON object

[1]: #createparsestream

[2]: #createstringifystream

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #_parse

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #parse

[7]: #parameters-2

[8]: #stringify

[9]: #parameters-3

[10]: https://nodejs.org/api/stream.html

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
